Added new config setting: DelayChannelAutocomplete (#6461)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/experimental-configuration-settings.rst

| This feature's ``config.json`` setting is ``"PatchPluginsReactDOM": false`` with options ``true`` and ``false``. |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> Delay channel autocomplete

Author: @hmhealey - Is this new config setting available to both self-hosted and Cloud deployments? And is it available in TE or does it require Professional or Enterprise?

Reviewer: It's available everywhere. There's no license or location requirements on it

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This setting makes the channel autocomplete, such as ``~town-square`` less obtrusive for people who uses tildes ``~`` as punctuation. 

> **True**: The autocomplete for channel links only triggers after typing a tilde symbol followed by two or more characters. 

Author: ```suggestion
**True**: The autocomplete appears after the user types a tilde followed by two or more characters. For example, typing ``~to`` will show the autocomplete, but typing ``~`` will not. 
```

> **False**: (Default) The autocomplete for channel links appears as soon as the user types a tilde symbol.

Author: ```suggestion
**False**: **(Default)** The autocomplete appears immediately after the user types a tilde. For example, typing ``~`` will show the autocomplete.
```
